Document database schema (#301)
vipyrsec/dragonfly-mainframe: docs/source/database_schema.rst

Database Schema
===============

.. code-block:: sql

> 
>     CREATE TABLE package_rules (
>         scan_id UUID NOT NULL,
>         rule_id UUID NOT NULL,
>         PRIMARY KEY (scan_id, rule_id),
>         FOREIGN KEY (scan_id) REFERENCES scans(scan_id),
>         FOREIGN KEY (rule_id) REFERENCES rules(id)
>     );
> 
>     CREATE TABLE scans (
>         scan_id UUID PRIMARY KEY,
>         name VARCHAR,
>         version VARCHAR,
>         status VARCHAR,
>         score INT,
>         inspector_url VARCHAR,
>         queued_at TIMESTAMPTZ NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
>         queued_by VARCHAR,
>         pending_at TIMESTAMPTZ,
>         pending_by VARCHAR,
>         finished_at TIMESTAMPTZ,
>         finished_by VARCHAR,
>         reported_at TIMESTAMPTZ,
>         reported_by VARCHAR,
>         fail_reason VARCHAR,
>         commit_hash VARCHAR ,
>         UNIQUE (name, version)
>     );
> 
> 
>     CREATE UNIQUE INDEX idx_scans_name_version ON scans(name, version);
>     CREATE INDEX idx_scans_status ON scans(status) 
>         WHERE status IN ('QUEUED', 'PENDING');
> 
> 
>     CREATE TABLE download_urls (
>         id UUID PRIMARY KEY,
>         scan_id UUID NOT NULL,
>         url VARCHAR NOT NULL,
>         FOREIGN KEY (scan_id) REFERENCES scans(scan_id)
>     );
> 
> 
>     CREATE TABLE rules (
>         id UUID PRIMARY KEY,
>         name VARCHAR UNIQUE NOT NULL
>     );
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS pg_stat_statements WITH SCHEMA public;

    CREATE TYPE public.status AS ENUM (
        'QUEUED',
        'PENDING',
        'FINISHED',
        'FAILED'
    );

    CREATE TABLE public.download_urls (
        id uuid NOT NULL,
        scan_id uuid NOT NULL,
        url text NOT NULL
    );

    CREATE TABLE public.package_rules (
        scan_id uuid NOT NULL,
        rule_id uuid NOT NULL
    );

    CREATE TABLE public.rules (
        name text NOT NULL,
        id uuid NOT NULL
    );

    CREATE TABLE public.scans (
        scan_id uuid NOT NULL,
        name text NOT NULL,
        status public.status NOT NULL,
        score integer,
        version text NOT NULL,
        queued_at timestamp without time zone,
        pending_at timestamp without time zone,
        finished_at timestamp without time zone,
        reported_at timestamp without time zone,
        inspector_url text,
        reported_by text,
        queued_by text NOT NULL,
        pending_by text,
        finished_by text,
        commit_hash text,
        fail_reason text
    );

    ALTER TABLE ONLY public.download_urls
        ADD CONSTRAINT download_urls_pkey PRIMARY KEY (id);

    ALTER TABLE ONLY public.scans
        ADD CONSTRAINT name_version_unique UNIQUE (name, version);

    ALTER TABLE ONLY public.package_rules
        ADD CONSTRAINT package_rules_pkey PRIMARY KEY (scan_id, rule_id);

    ALTER TABLE ONLY public.scans
        ADD CONSTRAINT packages_pkey PRIMARY KEY (scan_id);

    ALTER TABLE ONLY public.rules
        ADD CONSTRAINT rules_name_key UNIQUE (name);

    ALTER TABLE ONLY public.rules
        ADD CONSTRAINT rules_pkey PRIMARY KEY (id);

    CREATE INDEX ix_download_urls_scan_id ON public.download_urls USING btree (scan_id);

    CREATE INDEX ix_scans_finished_at ON public.scans USING btree (finished_at);

    CREATE INDEX ix_scans_status ON public.scans USING btree (status) WHERE ((status = 'QUEUED'::public.status) OR (status = 'PENDING'::public.status));

    ALTER TABLE ONLY public.download_urls
        ADD CONSTRAINT download_urls_scan_id_fkey FOREIGN KEY (scan_id) REFERENCES public.scans(scan_id);

    ALTER TABLE ONLY public.package_rules
        ADD CONSTRAINT package_rules_rule_id_fkey FOREIGN KEY (rule_id) REFERENCES public.rules(id);

    ALTER TABLE ONLY public.package_rules
        ADD CONSTRAINT package_rules_scan_id_fkey FOREIGN KEY (scan_id) REFERENCES public.scans(scan_id);
```
add `pg_stat_statements` extension, `status` enum. also reorders tables and indexes so it is runnable, where previously it would fail due to the order
